docs/configuration.md, before:

# Configuration

Documentation about configuring BCC

## General Configuration

To configure the entire application, we use `.env` files.   

Just copy the [`dot-env-template.txt`](../dot-env-template.txt) to `env` and update the variables there in.

```shell
cp dot-env-template.txt .env
```

## QBLOX Instruments Configuration

We use the [`kernel-config.example.yml`](../kernel-config.example.yml) as a template for how to configure this application
to control the [QBLOX instruments](https://qblox-qblox-instruments.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/main/index.html) that control the quantum computer. 

It is well documented. Just copy it to `kernel-config.yml` and update its variables and you are good to go.

```shell
# on the root of the project
cp kernel-config.example.yml kernel-config.yml
```

### Dummy QBLOX Instrumments

You may wish to run some dummy QBLOX instruments if you don't have access to the physical QBLOX instruments

We already have a preconfigured [`kernel-config.yml`](../app/tests/fixtures/kernel-config.yml) for this in the 
`app/tests/fixtures` folder.   

Copy it to your root folder.

```shell
# on the root of the project
cp app/tests/fixtures/kernel-config.yml kernel-config.yml
```

_NOTE: You can find out more about the configuration properties in the kernel-config file by 
visiting the [quantify_scheduler docs](https://quantify-os.org/docs/quantify-scheduler/dev/reference/qblox/Cluster.html)
and the [QCoDeS drivers docs](https://microsoft.github.io/Qcodes/)._  

_NOTE: You could choose to use a different name for your kernel config file e.g. `foobar.yml`.
You however need to explicitly set this name in the `.env` file `KERNEL_CONFIG_FILE=foobar.yml`_  

### Calibrated Data Configuration

We also recalibrate the quantum computer from time to time and store that data in TOML files in the [`configs`](../configs) folder.  

When starting the application, one needs to supply one calibration set from any of those configuration files.

```shell
# on the root of the project
./start_bcc.sh --device configs/device_default.toml
```

_NOTE: You don't need to pass the `.env` file or the `kernel-config.yml` file to the start script as these are 
automatically loaded for you._

Commit message:

Rename kernel to quantum executor

docs/configuration.md, after:

# Configuration

Documentation about configuring BCC

## General Configuration

To configure the entire application, we use `.env` files.   

Just copy the [`dot-env-template.txt`](../dot-env-template.txt) to `env` and update the variables there in.

```shell
cp dot-env-template.txt .env
```

## QBLOX Instruments Configuration

We use the [`executor-config.example.yml`](../executor-config.example.yml) as a template for how to configure this application
to control the [QBLOX instruments](https://qblox-qblox-instruments.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/main/index.html) that control the quantum computer. 

It is well documented. Just copy it to `executor-config.yml` and update its variables and you are good to go.

```shell
# on the root of the project
cp quantum_executor-config.example.yml executor-config.yml
```

### Dummy QBLOX Instrumments

You may wish to run some dummy QBLOX instruments if you don't have access to the physical QBLOX instruments

We already have a preconfigured [`executor-config.yml`](../app/tests/fixtures/executor-config.yml) for this in the 
`app/tests/fixtures` folder.   

Copy it to your root folder.

```shell
# on the root of the project
cp app/tests/fixtures/executor-config.yml executor-config.yml
```

_NOTE: You can find out more about the configuration properties in the executor-config file by 
visiting the [quantify_scheduler docs](https://quantify-os.org/docs/quantify-scheduler/dev/reference/qblox/Cluster.html)
and the [QCoDeS drivers docs](https://microsoft.github.io/Qcodes/)._  

_NOTE: You could choose to use a different name for your quantum executor config file e.g. `foobar.yml`.
You however need to explicitly set this name in the `.env` file `EXECUTOR_CONFIG_FILE=foobar.yml`_  

### Calibrated Data Configuration

We also recalibrate the quantum computer from time to time and store that data in TOML files in the [`configs`](../configs) folder.  

When starting the application, one needs to supply one calibration set from any of those configuration files.

```shell
# on the root of the project
./start_bcc.sh --device configs/device_default.toml
```

_NOTE: You don't need to pass the `.env` file or the `executor-config.yml` file to the start script as these are 
automatically loaded for you._
